our hearts with pride.
They are the words of
citizens, and they represent
our greatest hope.
You and I, as citizens, have
the power to set this
country’s course.
You and I, as citizens, have
the obligation to shape the
debates of our time – not
only with the votes we cast,
but with the voices we lift
in defense of our most
ancient values and enduring
ideals.
Let each of us now embrace,
with solemn duty and awesome
joy, what is our lasting
birthright. With common
effort and common purpose,
with passion and dedication,
let us answer the call of
history, and carry into an
uncertain future that
precious light of freedom.
Thank you, God Bless you,
and may He forever bless